.\"Copyright 2011 (c) EPFL
.TH EEGVIEW 1 2011 "EPFL" "EEGVIEW manpage"
.SH NAME
eegview - GUI program to display and record EEG data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY eegview 
.OP \-\-device=\fIdevstring\fP
.OP \-\-ui-file=\fIfile\fP
.OP \-\-version
.OP \-\-help|\-h
.OP \fIGTK+ OPTIONS\fP
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
\fBeegview\fP is a minimal scope to display and record various signal
coming from a EEG acquisition device and others.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.B \-\-device=\fIdevstring\fP
Specify the acquisition device and its configuration according to the
format described in \fBeegdev-open-options\fP(5). Beware to double quote
\fIdevstring\fP if you use '|' character in it. Otherwise the shell might
misinterpret it as a pipe symbol.
.
.TP
.B \-\-ui-file=\fIfile\fP
Overrides the GUI description file the program should use to display the
panel. This override has the priority over the UI file specified by the
configuration file.
.
.TP
.B \-\-disable=\fIcsv\fP
csv-formatted list of channels to disable from the start.
.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Display the version of the program as well as the version of the libraries
it uses.
.
.TP
.B \-\-help|\-h
Display the command-line help
.
.LP
\fBeegview\fP supports also the standards GTK+ options (\fIgtk-options\fP(7)).
.SH FILES
In the following, \fBxdg-config-home\fP refers to the XDG compliant user
config folder. So it corresponds to the XDG_CONFIG_HOME environment variable
if set, ~/.config/ otherwise.
.TP
\fBxdg-config-home\fP/eegview.conf
Default settings of the panel. An example of file can be found in the
documentation folder.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
This is an usual eegview command to read a bdf file:
eegview --device="device=datafile;path=test.bdf"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR eegdev-open-options (5),
.BR gtk-options (7)
